Message-ID: <20269384.1075855575455.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, 7 Mar 2001 06:42:00 -0800 (PST)
From: bill@friedwire.com
To: juan.hernandez@enron.com
Subject: New Real-time California Market Information!
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: "Bill Townsend" <bill@friedwire.com>
X-To: "juan.hernandez@enron.com" <juan.hernandez@enron.com>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Juan_Hernandez_Jun2001\Notes Folders\24-hr power
X-Origin: Hernandez-J
X-FileName: jhernan3.nsf

Dear Juan,

FriedWire Inc is pleased to announce the release of the California ISO module 
in our Traffic Report System.  With the
information in the CA ISO module you'll be able to quickly assess the supply 
and demand fundamentals that drive market
decisions in the Western grid.  The real time information in the CA ISO 
module is incorporated into easy to read graphs,
charts and custom interactive maps.  Below is a snapshot of the new content:

CALIFORNIA ISO MODULE OVERVIEW
         Frequency Monitoring in WSCC (deviation from 60Hz)
         Real-time California ISO loads for today, two weeks, month and year
         Congestion Prices in California
                -10 Minute Expost Incremental & Decremental Prices
                -Hour Ending Expost Prices
                -Hour Ahead Congestion Prices
                -Day Ahead Congestion Prices
         Day Ahead Congestion Price Summary
         Congestion Zone Profiles
         Branch Group Profiles
         Maps illustrating Congestion, Flows & Prices
         Day Ahead & Hour Ahead Schedules for Load, Generation, Imports & 
Exports - Coming Soon!

COMPUTING & NETWORK UPGRADES
Recently our ISP implemented several upgrades to improve connectivity to all 
of our failover uplinks and provide increased
reliability during an outage with any one upstream provider. Unfortunately 
during this upgrade some of you were unable to
get to our website the morning of February 27th. I apologize for this and 
want to re-confirm that we try to never perform
any upgrades or maintenance during business hours.  FriedWire is also very 
pleased to announce that our entire system will
be upgraded in the next 30-days.  We have entered into a contract with Verado 
(formerly Firstworld) to migrate all of our
systems to their facility in Denver, Colorado.  With this migration we should 
see increased performance and reliability in
all of our systems.

OLD DATA IN MAPS?  RESET YOUR BROWSER CACHE SETTINGS!
If you have seen any maps or charts that seem contain old data then please 
make sure that you set your browser NOT to cache
web pages.  Internet Explorer users can do this by going to the "Tools" menu 
and selecting "Internet Options".  On the
General tab press the "Settings" button for Temporary Internet Files and set 
"Check for newer versions of stored pages" to
"Every visit to the page".  Netscape Navigator users can do the same by going 
to the "Tools" menu and selecting "Edit" then
"Preferences".  Select "Advanced" then "Cache" in the Category window and set 
"Document in cache is compared to document on
network" to "Every time".

NUCLEAR OUTAGE MAP
New labels on the map provide unit-level detail on outages.

We appreciate your business and look forward to providing additional energy 
information to your organization.  Please call
us at 303-447-0288 if you have any questions.

Sincerely,

Bill Townsend
President
FriedWire Inc.
3209 Walnut St.
Boulder, CO. 80301
(303)447-0288- extension 24
bill@friedwire.com
